1. Given two arrays were digits of one array represent a number,maxmise the number by replacing it with elements of second array. 
2. Write a program to process the matrix. If an element is 0 at ith row and jth column, then make the whole ith row and jth column to 0
3. how to find repeated elements in an array  

4. Find greatest triplet sum  

5. Convert integers to roman numerals  

6. Reverse words of a string. Reverse a sentance

7. Given two rectangles, check if they intersect? 

8. find a first repeating string in a large text file

9.  two lines on a 2d dimension, given their end points, check if they intersect

10. binary tree modification, make all parents' values be the sum of their direct children

11. Design a function that takes in 2 strings representing numbers and adds them together as if they are numbers

12.Given an array of numbers how would you determine all the numbers that repeated more than once? 

13. You have 9 balls, equally big, equally heavy - except for one, which is a little heavier. You have a pair of balance scales and how you identify the heavier ball?  

14. Find all the palindrome in a given string.

15. Find a loop in a linked list and fix it. Set all nodes at the same depth to have a field "next" pointing to the next in the children.. (BT) 

16.  Given a sorted matrix, find an element if it exists.

17. Given an array of integers with positives and negatives values. sort it in a way where all negative values are on the left side by keeping the relative order. Do it in place. 

18. Given an array of a stock value for each day, give an algorithm to find the maximum profit possible between a buy-day and a sale-day.  

19. URL shortner- write a method which returns a 7 charchter string for every request. String should be unique on every request.  

20. Given a binary tree, with a next pointer. Connect every node's next pointer to its immediete neighbour of the same level (if there is one) or the leftmost node of next level . Using this a binary tree can be traversed like a linked list. (Hint: BFS) 

21. Solve arithmetic of a string '2 + 3 * 6'

22. Without knowing the size of an assumed sorted array, find an element provided.  

23. Given a linked list with three fields: a data field, a next field and a random pointer field (which is a field that points to null or to an element in the linked list) write a function to return a copy of the linked list without destructively modifying the original linked list  

24. Given pre-order traversal result and in-order traversal result of a tree, recovery the tree. 

25. Check of two strings are anagrams of each other

26. 
